# python-lowest-cost-path-in-graph-with-negative-cycles
This Python program, given a graph and a starting node, determines: whether each node other than the starting node is unreachable, whether each reachable node has no minimum cost, and the minimum cost of each reachable node which has a minimum.  The first line of input has two space delimited integers, the number of vertices n and the number of edges m. Each subsequent line of m lines of input has three space delimited integers u v w for a directed edge from u to v with weight w.  The last line of input is a single integer identifying one of the vertices as the starting node.

The cost of all nodes is set to infinity. The cost of the starting node is set to 0. The Bellman-Ford algorithm is performed by relaxing every edge of every node.  Such relaxtion is performed n times.  When an edge is with a source node and a destiantion node is relaxed, the potential cost of a destination node equals the sum of the cost of the source node and the weight of the edge.  If the potential cost is lower than the present cost of destination node, the cost of the destination node is replaced with the potential cost. When the relaxation of every edge of every node is performed for the nth time, all nodes with a change in cost are part of a negative cycle.  A depth first search is performed from every such node that is part of a negative cycle.  All nodes that are explored in every depth first search are part of a negative cycle.

All nodes with a cost of infinity are unreachable. All reachable nodes that are part of a negative cycle have no minimum cost. All other nodes have the cost that was determined after n - 1 iterations of edge relaxtion in the Bellman-Ford algorithm. 
